samples: cellular: nrf_provisioning: Add AT Shell lib (#23244)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`nrf_provisioning_sample` sample:

>   * Updated the sample to use Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:conn_mgr_docs` feature.
>   * Enabled the :ref:`lib_at_shell` library to allow the nRF Cloud Utils to interface with the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated:
  
    * The sample to use Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:conn_mgr_docs` feature.
    * The sample by enabling the :ref:`lib_at_shell` library to allow the nRF Cloud Utils to interface with the device.
```
